[GEOS-11100] Add opacity parameter to the layer definitions in WPS-Download download maps (#7076)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/extensions/wps-download/mapAnimationDownload.rst

 * Name: a comma separated list of layer names (eventually just one)
 * Capabilities: link to a capabilities document (optional, used when targetting remote WMS layers)
 * Parameter (key, value): an extra parameter to be added in the WMS request represented by this layer (e.g., ``elevation``, ``CQL_FILTER``, ``env``)

>  * Opacity: an optional parameter, ranging from 0 to 100, that controls the layer image level of transulucency during the merge process.  When not set the layer image is fully opaque.  Note that this is seperate from the overall map ``transparent`` boolean parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Opacity: an optional parameter, ranging from 0 to 100, that controls the layer image level of translucency during the merge process.  When not set the layer image is fully opaque.  Note that this is separate from the overall map ``transparent`` boolean parameter.
```

Reviewer 2: transulucency is still there

Author: resolved
